We put the game in front of Ian Hales, member of ATLS faculty and player of many games, to get some more feedback. 

He mentioned that the controls feels fluid and easy to work with, and jumping felt fun and similar to a "god mode" movement. He, like Ben,
appreciated the easy controls and felt that anyone, regardless of game experience, would be able to understand how to play the game. 
However, the sprinting felt too easy. In other games, sprinting is associated with a stamina bar or something to limit moving fast, 
otherwise the player would move fast all the time. While sprinting will eventually involve painting the terrain a different color and be 
a different creation experience than normal running, it is a good note that there should be a limit to sprinting. Especially when we have a
larger environment and part of the game is traversing the area quickly, it will be important to limit this mechanic. 

We also got some good feedback for player direction. At first, Ian did not know to grab the orbs, nor that walking towards sound will 
reveal an orb. He suggusted making the first orb always spawn within direct view of the player, so that the player will instinctively know
to go towards the shiny, glowing object and then have a type of visual effect above the pond to indicate the place to drop the orb. This is
a great idea I think we should implement for ease of use. 

Sometimes, Ian would deposit the orb in the pond by basically diving in the pond, and since we aren't planning on making an underwater
effect, we will need to make the pond more shallow, and make some invisable colliders so the player can't get into the pond. 

There was also some confusion on how to collect the orb; he thought to go through it (which worked for collection) but wasn't sure it was
following him. We will need some sort of visuall change to an orb's particle system to indicate a grab.

Aside from some gameplay/UI tweaks, Ian loved the concept and instantly wanted to insert his own music and was excited to play in a world
created by a favorite song. He, like Ben, wanted to see more objects in the world, and wants an update in the coming weeks. 
